
GLWind Codebase and Documentation
=================================

Information
----------

**Authors:** Elliott Walker, Hudson Hart, Chloe Amoroso  
**Creation Date:** 8 July 2024  
**Last Update:** 23 July 2024  

This is a repository of the code and data used in the [Summer 2024 GLWind REU](https://engineering.csuohio.edu/glwind_reu/glwind_reu) program. It was designed both for our own use and to allow others in the future to more easily build upon our work. The majority of this repository is dedicated to the code first used for analysis on a dataset from Cedar Rapids, Iowa for the project *Wind profile characterization based on surface terrain and atmospheric thermal stability*.  

Repository contents
-------------------

* `/DATA` contains the raw data used for analysis.  
* `/windprofiles` is a package which has various capabilities for use in the wind profile analysis.
* `/analysis` has the current state of the actual data analysis, based on the contents of DATA and using the `windprofiles` package.
* `/PLOTS` has some of the plots generated by the above analysis.
* `/original` contains the original code that we used for our analysis, before we began porting it into the windprofiles package. Lots of this may be useful.  
* `/sample_analyses` has some sample data and example analyses of these data.
* `/docs` contains extra documentation files, regarding various aspects of this project.  
* `/assets` contains images and other miscellaneous assets.  

Windprofiles package
--------------------

See `/windprofiles/README.md` for information on package installation and usage.

There's a lot left to be done with this package. For now, the *complete* analysis is only available in `/old_code`, future additions may be made to `/windprofiles` to incorporate the rest of the analysis there.

Some key code is located in `/old_code`. For example, `/old_code/sonic.py` is a strong standalone program for some processing steps of sonic data.
